In other words,
Xin Qili didn't want his sister to recover.
At least he struggled with it.
His sister's medical bills,
he was paying them all, right?
Right.
He transferred money on schedule every month
into his sister's account.
Could the burden of those bills be why
he burned
the Fortune slip he prayed for her with?
The complexity of human nature, Boss.
What "The complexity of human nature"?
Ruan Chen.
Hey, what kind of driving is that?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
How did you even hit me?
The rear bumper's bent.
A Min's guys are tailing you.
Let me just give you some cash.
I'm rushing to work.
Sorry about this.
Who are you?
Who would've thought,
Bro Mao's fake memorial hall
would come in handy so soon.
Who the hell are you?
Xin Qili was jailed for an Economic crime before.
That company back then was called...
What was it called again?
Yizhan Technology.
Right, right, right.
The 0301 Dismemberment Case.
The victim, Tian Yong, was the boss of Yizhan Technology.
Both involve Yizhan Technology,
and both are dismemberment cases.
Xin Qili once headed a branch
of Yizhan Technology.
Less than a month into the job,
the company was investigated for money laundering.
That's what put him behind bars.
But in both cases,
the lawyer was the same guy.
Ruan Chen.
Who are you?
Who would've thought,
Bro Mao's fake memorial hall
would come in handy so soon.
How much do you know?
All I know is,
you need money.
You've been tailing me.
It's business.
With risky matters,
you've got to be careful.
Bro Mao's black money,
he got it from you,
didn't he?
Not bad.
I was just worrying
if this pipeline could keep running.
Lucky for me,
you may be a little slow,
but you'll do.
I'm a businessman.
I don't care if you're Bro Mao
or
Bro Xiao.
As long as the deal goes through,
anyone can be my Brother.
And I need
you to take Bro Mao's place,
to keep this pipeline
running.
Since
you recognize my value,
then,
can you do something for me?
Let's hear it.
Deliver something for me.
What's your name?
Ruan Chen.
Da Tou.
Luo Xiao.
That address you had me find,
Zhang Yuanshan's place, I got it.
Sent it to you.
Got the address.
But there's one more thing.
We've got to head over to A Min's.
What for?
You'll see when we get there.
Alright.
I'll come pick you up.
No need.
Just wait for me at A Min's place.
You know where A Min is?
Wait,
Luo Xiao, what are you up to?
Brother
Take me to A Min
Okay
A Min, he's here
Bro Mao told me to teach you a lesson
So you learn to know your place
Pin both of them down for me
Take their stuff
I thought you'd come to your senses
Turns out you've Walked into a dead end
Bro Mao was right after all
A Min, you're trying to betray him
A Min, you've gone insane
Even if Bro Mao is gone
What makes you think
you can keep the company running?
Talk
Where did Bro Mao go?
Wednesday, come pick them up if you're free.
Mr. Big-Shot Lawyer,
you definitely won't have time,
'cause you're too busy digging your own grave.
I've got time.
I'll pick up Madam,
and your little girl.
A Min.
I'll talk.
I'll tell you
Bro Mao's address.
It's in the map on my phone.
A Min.
I've told you everything.
I... I'm begging you.
Please don't tell Bro Mao it was me.
I've got a wife and kids.
If Bro Mao finds out,
he won't spare them.
Please don't tell him.
I'm begging you, A Min.
Please.
If you'd told the truth earlier,
none of this would've happened.
Let go.
Da Tou.
You're useless too.
Look at the people you follow.
A Min.
The cops are here.
Clean this place up.
Toss these two out the back.
Hurry.
And their belongings.
Dump them in the trash.
Back when I was a lawyer,
they said you had to have a nice watch.
Don't need it anymore now.
It'd be a pity to pawn it.
Here, it's yours.
Is Bro Mao's address real?
If it is,
what will A Min do?
Tian Yong, the boss of Yizhan Technology, was killed.
The former Yizhan Technology employee,
Xin Qili, was sentenced.
Ruan Chen, the former lawyer of Yizhan Technology,
is now a Fortune Slip Interpreter at a temple.
After Xin Qili got out of prison,
he started moving goods.
For his sister's illness,
he went to draw a Fortune slip.
And now Chen Yongjiang
has killed Xin Qili.
My head's spinning.
These cases are too closely linked.
I feel there's a tangled web behind it all.
And this Ruan Chen,
when he saw that Fortune slip,
he deliberately hid from us
the fact that they knew each other, right?
This Feng Mao Company's
Fund flow over the past six months...
What? Anything unusual?
Yes.
Besides loan expenses,
looking at these accounts,
they deal with a company called
Shengquan International Trade Company
very frequently.
The accounts are so complex,
they're way beyond the normal range.
The remarks on the transfer purposes
are all kinds of things.
Things like project promotion fees,
temporary expenses, and outsourcing fees.
Does this Shengquan Company have any
financial dealings with Xin Qili?
Based on what we know so far,
no.
Feng Mao Company's accounts are problematic.
So if there are financial entanglements
between Xin Qili and Chen Yongjiang,
then the motive for murder isn't out in the open.
It's hidden in these invisible accounts.
Chief Zhang.
Something's happened to Zhang Jiayuan.
Let's go.
Chief Zhang.
Firefighters have finished their sweep.
All hazards have been cleared.
Fire department confirms the scene is safe.
We can go in and investigate now.
Chief Zhang.
What's the scene look like?
I checked the whole place.
No casualties.
Lucky no one was inside during the blast.
Or it'd be a disaster.
Blown up like this...
The gas pipes on site are intact.
The valves aren't damaged.
But judging by the fire intensity
and the blast marks on site,
this far exceeds a typical gas explosion.
Valves are fine.
Where's the homeowner?
Upstairs.
Just finished giving his statement.
Let's go see.
Come on, get up. Chief Zhang.
You're not hurt, are you?
I'm fine.
This is the homeowner.
Hello.
Let me explain something to you.
Based on our investigation of the scene,
this explosion at your home
far exceeds what a gas leak
or appliance explosion could cause.
To put it bluntly,
this could be deliberate.
Who?
Who'd want to blow me up?
Who would want to kill me?
Take your time.
Where were you before the explosion?
Last night someone called me out.
I played cards all night.
At dawn, I heard the explosion.
I went out with others to check.
That's when I saw my house was blown up.
Have you offended anyone lately?
A while back,
my shop had some debt trouble.
But...
But it was just a small dispute.
He wouldn't go this far, would he?
Shop? What kind of shop?
auto repair shop.
A car repair shop.
I owed some money I couldn't pay back.
So they took the shop from me.
Chief Zhang.
This video's gone viral online.
Eight dots.
Pong.
Your hand's so good.
What's that supposed to mean?
Madam.
Listen,
could we have a word in private?
Let's stop here.
I was one tile away.
I'll cover it.
You take a break too.
Madam, sorry to bother you.
Here's the thing.
A while ago,
some company funds got held up, right?
A Min was skimming it on the side.
Bro Mao found out, so he set a trap.
He had me
leak a fake address to test him.
Didn't expect A Min...
A Min really wants Bro Mao dead.
A Min actually dared to skim money?
Yeah.
The day the Brothers held the big meeting,
he brought a crew and crashed it.
Called him out right to his face.
Everyone heard it.
Madam, here's how it is now.
Bro Mao has eyes on him
from all sides.
As for the company,
we need you to step in.
As for these
dirty riffraff,
handle it.
The fake address idea...
That was yours, wasn't it?